so I want to start actually with the end
of the book at the end of the book you
talk about how you felt a little awkward
and conflicted about revealing your
engagement online and it struck me as a
bit of a struggle with the private
versus the personal and when I was
reading that I thought you actually made
a very interesting choice than to write
a book that is extremely personal right
so what I'm going to answer is what I
say very commonly to this question that
on the myer briggs scale I scoring
eighty-eight percent extrovert and so I
know you didn't want to use the word
brave but i think it would have been
more brave for me not to write a book
that wasn't incredibly personal it's
interesting just because I'm always very
open about my life in the way I am and I
think that even though the site was
incredibly personable and not
necessarily personal which is the line
that I was treading with having to
explain my engagement I sort of decided
to own the fact that people were going
to know things about me and I may as
well use that for the sake of education
or for the sake of making people feel
like their issues are actually highly
normal right if that makes sense the
response online you mentioned in the
book is kind of like a harsh backlash
because God forbid the man repeller gets
married and um you know well the thing
about that is that i was also coming to
terms with the fact that man repeller
did not have to be this hyper literal
ization of itself you know man repeller
the website didn't necessarily mean that
in order to be an incredibly stylish
girl that is trying not necessarily
there but trying to be smart to write
she has to be single you know that I
think I was coming to terms with that
during the process of my getting engaged
and so as a function of that it was a
little unusual I turned it into a bigger
deal than it had to be I think calling
yourself the man repeller it's actually
not about practically repelling men is
definitely not i think that the
trajectory of the site has changed so
much since launch i was only 20 when I
started the site i was a junior in
college and therefore highly ignorant
and I I think that as as I've continued
working on the site the sort of ideology
has become very fine-tuned and finessed
and I've been saying that it's a
humorous website about serious fashion a
site about trends that women love and
men hate but I also very much want it to
be this sort of discussion board or
community where girls come just to be
girls and feel good about that